Welcome back.
And in this lesson we're going to loop through objects.
So go ahead and create an object.
So give it some values within this object so maybe we can do the same thing where we had a bunch of
names so we'll call it user names as well.
So just to be consistent with what we did within our array.
So we've got a number of people so we're going to have Person A is going to be Mike person B is going
to be shown and person C is going to be Larry.
So we got our basic object.
So now let's loop through the values that are contained within the object using for.
And just to show you.
So actually let's first refresh the page and we can see that under a user names if we list that out
we don't have any length here.
So like the arrays where we saw a length value we don't have that here within the object.
So just keep that in mind.
So let's loop through.
So set a variable value of x and look through all the usernames.
And now let's let's put the value of x.
So in order to show that together and let's put X so we can take a closer look and see what's actually
happening within our code.
So go back and refreshed.
So we see we've got ABC and I should do a line break there so it's a lot more readable.
So we've got values ABC So they're actually the values and we've got the name and these are the values.
So we're turning back the parent values.
We're getting the names back.
And we know that we can make use of them if we're using user names.
So we know that the object is usernames so if we do usernames x we get undefined.
So we do need to write code around it.
So let's do X in here and let's see if this returns block.
So we need to use this type of format we can't use the dot notation format.
We need to use the bracketed format but we're able to return back to values so we can return back X
saw that we're getting the name.
And we're also getting the value source to equal sign and try that one more time.
So we know that our object A and returns back the value might be returned by John see returns McAleer
and then so we can loop through our object using an array or using a loop.
So for this lesson I've got a really big challenge and why is it really big.
We're going to look at the document.
So what I want you to do now is to open up your editor and loop through all of the properties contained
within the document.
And this is going to be our object.
So we want to output the contents contained within that object.
And that's great.
And so the user names try and document and see what type of output you get.
And we'll work with it as you come back.
So go ahead possibly open up your editor and loop through all of the values contained within the document
object.
So if you have an opportunity to try that and let me show you what the solution is.
So we're going to loop through document so we know that the document object that dorm is a really large
object.
It's got a lot of information in it.
So let's take a closer look and we'll see what we're actually putting for X and then we can also the
same way that we output the values we can output at this type of format as well.
So refresh the page and we'll see what happens.
So there we go.
So we were able to pull back all of this information that's contained within the document.
And I did say there is a lot of information contained within there.
So this gives you a more visual.
And as we loop through the document object we find it all of this information.
So let's say you can quickly loop through and find what's contained within the DOM.